# MicrowareCCC

This is the Microware C CrossCompiler project.  This compiler should be
able to build and run on any Posix operating system with the appropriate
tweaks and adjustments.

This crosscompiler generates OS-9 Relocatable Memory Module binaries for
the Motorola 6809 CPU intended to be run on Nitros9 or Color Computer OS-9.

## History

This project was started by an anonymous developer on or before 19 January
2003.  According to the notes the original developer disassembled the
Microware C Compiler as distributed by Tandy for Color Computer OS-9 and
used that disassembly to write the crosscompiler in C on his Linux system.
The original developer sent a copy to Boisy Pitre.

Steven Hirsch obtained a copy of the project during or before 2008
and did some work to get the project working on his Linux system.

Michael Furman obtained a copy of the project in early 2009 and made the
compiler run on his Mac running OS X.

Detailed historical notes are in the docs directory. README.anonymous are
the notes from the original anonymous developer.  README.hirsch are notes
left behind by Steven Hirsch.

## License

This is a derivative work of the Microware OS-9 C Compiler, Copyright 1983
Microware Systems Corporation.  The original developer of this project
remains anonymous and left no notes concerning licensing.  The notes from
the original developer imply interest in releasing the project to the
public domain but this was not explicitly stated nor were they sure about
how they were going to distribute it.

Considering the above, my intention is to place this work into the public
domain.  Since I do not have any ownership or copy rights to the original
or derivative works I cannot place any new copyright on, take any ownership of
or responsibility for any damages caused from use of this work.  All of my
contributions to this work also remain unlicensed and uncopyrighted and are
hereby placed in the public domain. 

Michael R. Furman mikeyn6il 4t gmail d0t c0m
March 13, 2016
